	Project 5 introduced us to classes and put a big emphasis on the use of dynamic memory. We were tasked with reading in from a file into a string class and then performing various operations on those strings. A driver file was needed to show that the operations worked, and then we also had to implement the class functions in a separate file.
	I had a few problems with this project which ultimately came down to programming late at night. There were many errors that were a result of me forgetting that I had deallocated a variable before I tried to access it. Other errors came as a result of me going through code trying to fix errors and I would end up just messing up my code in an attempt to figure out why I was getting an error. Thankfully I have been using git as a version control system and, after reverting to a version before I did all of my bad revision, I emailed Eric asking him if he could see what I couldn’t (or in this case was too tired to see). Thankfully, once I got my copy function to work, which is where I was having a majority of my issues, the rest of the assignment wasn’t .,too bad and I ended up having only a problem or two pop up with forgetting a null terminator
	I wasn't sure what to do for the driver, so I did my best to do a variety of operations on a variety of combinations of the variables. The copy section copies a single instance to another single instance and then into an array entry. The concat section concats the two single instances together, and the compare section compares a single instance with the other single instance and then with an array entry. I hope this is enough for the project, the requirements were extremely vague on this part, so I did my best to demonstrate that it all works.
	Given more time, I don’t think I would make any changes. I am happy with how the project turned out. If anything, I would put some methods to track whether or not I’m in the correct bounds with my pointers, but other than that I feel like I did everything that I could and needed to do.
